Remove CSS prefix (#19716)
mdn/content: files/en-us/learn/css/howto/css_faq/index.md

<div id="orange" class="green" style="color: red;">This is red</div>
```

> The rules are more complicated when the selector has multiple parts. A more detailed explanation about how selector specificity is calculated can be found in the [CSS specifity documentation](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/Specificity).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The rules are more complicated when the selector has multiple parts. A more detailed explanation about how selector specificity is calculated can be found in the [CSS specificity documentation](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/Specificity).
```

## What do the -moz-\*, -ms-\*, -webkit-\*, -o-\* and -khtml-\* properties do?

> These properties, called _prefixed properties_, are extensions to the CSS standard. They were used to allow use of experimental and non-standard features in browsers without polluting the regular namespace, preventing future incompatibilities to arise when the standard is extended.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
These properties, called _prefixed properties_, are extensions to the CSS standard. They were once used to allow using experimental and non-standard features in browsers without polluting the regular namespace, preventing future incompatibilities to arise when the standard is extended.
```

> The use of such properties on production websites is not recommended — they have already created a huge web compatibility mess. For example, many developers only use the `-webkit-` prefixed version of a property when the non-prefixed version is fully supported across all browsers. This means a feature relying on that property not work in  non-webkit-based browsers, when it could. This became a great enough problem that other browsers implement `-webkit-` prefixed aliases to improve web compatibility, as specified in the [Compatibility Living Standard](https://compat.spec.whatwg.org/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The use of such properties on production websites is not recommended — they have already created a huge web compatibility mess. For example, many developers only use the `-webkit-` prefixed version of a property when the non-prefixed version is fully supported across all browsers. This means a feature relying on that property not work in non-webkit-based browsers, when it could. This became a great enough problem that other browsers implement `-webkit-` prefixed aliases to improve web compatibility, as specified in the [Compatibility Living Standard](https://compat.spec.whatwg.org/).
```

> The use of such properties on production websites is not recommended — they have already created a huge web compatibility mess. For example, many developers only use the `-webkit-` prefixed version of a property when the non-prefixed version is fully supported across all browsers. This means a feature relying on that property not work in non-webkit-based browsers, when it could. This became a great enough problem that other browsers implement `-webkit-` prefixed aliases to improve web compatibility, as specified in the [Compatibility Living Standard](https://compat.spec.whatwg.org/).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The use of such properties on production websites is not recommended — they have already created a huge web compatibility mess. For example, many developers only use the `-webkit-` prefixed version of a property when the non-prefixed version is fully supported across all browsers. This means a design relying on that property would not work in non-webkit-based browsers, when it could. This became a problem great enough that other browsers were pushed to implement `-webkit-` prefixed aliases to improve web compatibility, as specified in the [Compatibility Living Standard](https://compat.spec.whatwg.org/).
```
